yes I see you again
They are responsible for their guilt here
Now make this stunned
scold for tv i am heard as i am
the loudest of my jokes
laughs and i'm your moderator and that
there are the conveyor maxx yes input of
deceive them with the suggestion on the main
i would like that group for comedy
contains and not only that they dance
Also here so I have them
given a tip she looks have
pretty hard
but yes i think you are very good ham
They take care of them and they are original
made you come with the clean
made and an attitude the one id
gws an extent of genius i must have the
soil possess such a skilful
to conjure word play
But back to the father likes it funny
It's not just a dance for a long time
you cut into the dance
weird effects and the excerpt
take me tonight rheinbad if that's it
should be super talented
I 've also had it funny I have
trust decision my black
looking forward
man you fight people somewhere else
against racism and here rtl makes bruce
to the tv bimbo about the one already
like my saying about his skin color
He can do it himself
this is called the black one
humor right through the show ring was
first moment after carnival pieces
who do nothing but hit a wheel
can actually impress them though
with skilled handstand acrobatics yes the
were really pretty good so I am
are you so good or that has something
very sacred is very poetic little
princess alia for you because you
touched yes and that was really pretty
bad that almost reminds of the
lace the patrick only at dsds always
have been of no voice went
my heart kissed that then she left
in my soul
and just hug her, I'm me
have a very long time at my pity
Most events worked while
one can take literally literally here
I slimmed down 40 kilos on a demo tape
sent to wolfgang petry was allowed to
record him an album but before it
I could have published
a health setback
lumbar disc herniation now i try
Here my dream finally too
realize
I already mentioned that to me
bertinis does sing
even at tables and successes of mine
tacke and somebody has to garbage after all
no sense if one is a candidate
should choose the really representative
for the super talent is then the
couchman remains investigative but im
serious in the backstage area shows you
that the boy has incredible hunger
and asked to eat more that will
spectators sold as fully cute only
as a feed thing the small but you have to
that the people are there
casting are locked up and banned
have the terrain to leave you hear
the father even say hilco as long as
take me around the boy gets
later only what was then yes I have him
with in the locked catering area
yes you are not a sweet six years
old boy just had to go hungry
and wait, take it off like you
famous wants to suffer as well as ours
next candidate with the goal
the spoon makes you land on youtube
the halo income to the tactical dancers
is actually a psychotherapist
putin the level here but rapidly
the level may drop even lower when
super talent yes sometimes the good manages
ground still to take with it
the winner wins germany's next
top model active but mostly not
yes I know it is a country
should do for you
If you never ask that again, will you ?
self-proclaimed iron king no-mentioned
Heavy metals bend a real awesome
talent only if great for the oide
unauthorized potential additions and
a few hull bow is maria's
by profession at kg stöckli ski
sisters where you just look cliché
Sisters then there was one more
singer green viking with knives
that was definitely a puncture
oh well the usual looked
madness here
I am still firm
conviction that the super talent
should win as moderator the first
He creates every day in every show
moderates consistent and sympathetic
to be and that is a lot of show up
rtl
I can only eat them all
no longer do i make them super again
prefabricated house remembers worked through
so if he was tired that was that
second of six super talent following
down here you can find the video of
last week and right next to me
with her all my tv shows parodies me
so far, dsds have done that over the
everything possible I hope you are next
week again and I'm happy
if here is a comment we leave
you liked the result shows that
video a bit that people see
what he actually forbidden you to be okay
we the people see us next day are